# vertex-ai-image-gen
 Google Vertex AI Image Gen GPT Script

# CLI for Image Generation using Vertex AI ImageGen model

This is a command line interface for generating images using the Vertex AI ImageGen model.

# image-generation

This CLI tool is a simple command-line interface for interacting with the Vertex AI API. It was specifically created as a tool that GPTScript can leverage in order to provide the langauge with image generation capabilities.
It allows users to input a text prompt and get a response generated by Vertex AI's Image generation models.
Users can provide the API key directly as a command-line argument or set it through the credential tool.

## Features

- Accepts an Vertex AI API key through the command line or environment variable.
- Accepts a text prompt for image generation and displays the resulting images.
- Supports image generation using a specified model, image size, quality, and the number of images to generate.

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.x
- Vertex AI GCP Project Details

## Usage

```bash
python cli_gcp.py --prompt <prompt> [--size <size>] [--quality <quality>] [--number <number>]
```

## Options

- `-p`, `--prompt`: Prompt for image generation. This is a required argument.
- `-s`, `--size`: Size of the image to generate, format WxH (e.g. 1024x1024). Default is 1024x1024.
- `-q`, `--quality`: Quality of the generated image. Allowed values are "standard" or "hd". Default is "standard".
- `-n`, `--number`: Number of images to generate. Default is 1.
